Clarify upgrade notes ahead of 1.4.0 release (#6033)
matrix-org/synapse: UPGRADE.rst

Upgrading to v1.4.0
===================

**Note: Sending emails and/or SMS will not work in this release without config

> changes. Notably this will affect the ability to register via email or phone number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
changes. Notably this will affect the ability to register via email or phone number.**
```

Previous versions of Synapse delegate the sending of emails and
SMS to an identity server by default. In most cases this server is vector.im or
matrix.org. Email and SMS are often used as part of registration and account recovery.

> In Synapse 1.4,0, for security and privacy reasons, the homeserver will no longer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Synapse 1.4.0, for security and privacy reasons, the homeserver will no longer
```

delegate email or SMS to an identity server by default and instead the server administrator
will need to explicitly decide how they would like email and SMS to be sent.

In the medium term the vector.im and matrix.org identity servers will disable
sending email and SMS entirely, however in order to ease the transition they
will retain the capability to send email and SMS for a limited period. Email
will be disabled on XXX (giving 2 months notice). Disabling SMS will follow
some time after that once SMS sending support lands in Synapse.

Once email and SMS support have been disabled in the vector.im and matrix.org
identity servers, all Synapse versions that depend on those instances will be
unable to send email and SMS through them. There are no imminent plans to
remove email and SMS support from Sydent altogether.

For more details on why these changes are necessary see (link to blog).

Email
-----

Following upgrade, to continue sending email (and therefore register via an email address) admins can

> either:-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
either:
```

Author: it's not uncommon to use ':-'

installs that set up external server handling for these tasks before v1.4.0. If
``email.trust_identity_server_for_password_resets`` is ``true`` and no trusted
identity server domains are configured, Synapse will report an error and refuse to start.

If ``email.trust_identity_server_for_password_resets`` is ``false`` or absent
and a threepid type in ``account_threepid_delegates`` is not set,
then Synapse will attempt to send password reset and registration messages for
that type.

Custom templates
---------------

If you have configured a custom template directory with the
``email.template_dir`` option, be aware that there are new templates regarding
registration and threepid management.

``registration.html`` and ``registration.txt`` contain the content of the email that is sent
to a client upon registering via an email address.

``registration_success.html`` and ``registration_failure.html`` are templates
that will be shown to the user when they click the link in their registration
email, either showing them a success page (in the case that no onward redirect was specified by the client), or a failure page.
is not configured).

> ``add_threepid.html`` and  ``add_threepid.txt``contain the content of the email that is sent to a user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``add_threepid.html`` and  ``add_threepid.txt`` contain the content of the email that is sent to a user
```

Upgrading to v1.4.0
===================

**Note: Sending emails and/or SMS will not work in this release without config
changes. Notably this will affect the ability to register via email or phone
number.**

Previous versions of Synapse delegate the sending of emails and SMS to an
identity server by default. In most cases this server is vector.im or
matrix.org. Email and SMS are often used as part of registration and account
recovery.

In Synapse 1.4.0, for security and privacy reasons, the homeserver will no
longer delegate email or SMS to an identity server by default and instead the
server administrator will need to explicitly decide how they would like email
and SMS to be sent.

In the medium term the vector.im and matrix.org identity servers will disable
sending email and SMS for homeservers entirely, however in order to ease the
transition they will retain the capability to send email and SMS for a limited

> period. Email will be disabled on Monday 2nd December 2019 (giving roughly 2

Author: @richvdh  I don't follow, is there some case where the IS sends an email on behalf of a homeserver that I am not thinking of? Or do I just need to make the fact I am talking about email and SMS on behalf of homeservers clearer?

> period. Email will be disabled on Monday 2nd December 2019 (giving roughly 2

Reviewer 2: the latter. There are cases when an IS sends an email independently, so "Email will be disabled" is incorrect.

> period. Email will be disabled on Monday 2nd December 2019 (giving roughly 2

Reviewer 2: maybe we should call it "support for delegated 3pid verification" or something, instead of "sending email"

> period. Email will be disabled on Monday 2nd December 2019 (giving roughly 2

Reviewer 2: maybe we should call it "support for delegated 3pid verification" or something, instead of "sending email"

Upgrading to v1.4.0
===================

**Note: As of this release, users will be unable to add phone numbers or email
addresses to their accounts, without changes to the Synapse configuration. This
includes adding an email address during registration.**

It is possible for a user to associate an email address or phone number
with their account, for a number of reasons:

>  * for use when logging in, as an alternative to the user id.

Reviewer 2: there's a formatting fail here. I think it needs to lose the indentation

 * in the case of email, as an alternative contact to help with account recovery.
 * in the case of email, to receive notifications of missed messages.

> Before an an email address or phone number can be added to a user's account, 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Before an email address or phone number can be added to a user's account, 
```

or before such an address is used to carry out a password-reset, Synapse must 
confirm the operation with the owner of the email address or phone number.
It does this by sending an email or text giving the user a link or token to confirm 

> receipt. This process is known as '3pid verification'.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
receipt. This process is known as '3pid verification'. 3pid, or "threepid",
stands for third party identifier. Email addresses and phone numbers
are considered 3pids.
```

Previous versions of Synapse delegated this task to an
identity server by default. In most cases this server is vector.im or
matrix.org.

In Synapse 1.4.0, for security and privacy reasons, the homeserver will no

> longer delegate 3pid validation to an identity server by default and instead the

Reviewer 2: probably my bad, but we should decide if we are calling it 'verification' or 'validation'. I think 'verification'?

server administrator will need to explicitly decide how they would like the validation
messages to be sent.

> In the medium term the vector.im and matrix.org identity servers will disable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the medium term, the vector.im and matrix.org identity servers will disable
```

> sending email and SMS for homeservers entirely, however in order to ease the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
sending email and SMS for homeservers entirely. However, in order to ease the
```

> transition they will retain the capability to send email and SMS for a limited

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
transition, they will retain the capability to send email and SMS for a limited
```

period. Email will be disabled on Monday 2nd December 2019 (giving roughly 2

> months' notice). Disabling SMS will follow some time after that once SMS sending

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
months notice). Disabling SMS will follow some time after that once SMS sending
```

support lands in Synapse.

Once email and SMS support have been disabled in the vector.im and matrix.org
identity servers, all Synapse versions that depend on those instances will be
unable to send email and SMS through them. There are no imminent plans to

> remove email and SMS support from Sydent altogether.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
remove email and SMS support from Sydent, the software that the vector.im and matrix.org identity
servers run.
```

For more details on why these changes are necessary see (link to blog).

Email
-----

Following upgrade, to continue sending email (and therefore register via an
email address) admins can either:-

> * Configure Synapse to use an email server (details follow). * Run or choose an

Reviewer 3: Reflow formatting fail?

identity server which allows email delegation and delegate to it.

Configure SMTP in Synapse

> -------------------------

Author: ah that's how you do it

To configure an SMTP server for Synapse, modify the configuration section
headed ``email``, and be sure to have at least the ``smtp_host, smtp_port``
and ``notif_from`` fields filled out.

You may also need to set ``smtp_user``, ``smtp_pass``, and
``require_transport_security``.

See the `sample configuration file
<docs/sample_config.yaml>`_
for more details on these settings.

Delegate Email to an identity server
------------------------------------

Some admins will wish to continue using email as a registration method, but

> will not immediately have an appropriate SMTP server to hand.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
will not immediately have an appropriate SMTP server at hand.
```

that is sent to a user when registering with an email address.

``registration_success.html`` and ``registration_failure.html`` are templates
that will be shown to the user when they click the link in that confirmation
email, either showing them a success page (in the case that no onward redirect
was specified by the client), or a failure page. is not configured).

``add_threepid.html`` and  ``add_threepid.txt`` contain the content of the
email that is sent to a user when they make a request to add an email address
to their account.

``add_threepid_failure.html`` and ``add_threepid_success.html`` are templates
that will be shown to the user when they click the link in that confirmation
email, either showing them a success page (in the case that no onward redirect
was specified by the client), or a failure page.

Synapse will expect these files to exist inside the configured template
directory. To view the default templates, see `synapse/res/templates
<https://github.com/matrix-org/synapse/tree/master/synapse/res/templates>`_.

SMS
---

Following upgrade, the only way to maintain the ability to send SMS (and

> therefore register via a phone number) will be to continue to delegate SMS

Reviewer 2: s/SMS delivery/phone number verification/

delivery via the matrix.org and vector.im identity servers (or another identity
server that supports SMS sending).

> The ``account_threepid_delegates`` dictionary defines whether the homeserver

Reviewer 2: see comments above, though I'd love it if we could avoid repeating this

Author: I'm just not sure I see a neat way not to repeat, since it is convenient to have the context close the description of what changes the admin must make. My sense is that since this is not a doc that needs maintenance the repetition is permissible, if you can see a better way to do it, just edit direct.

should delegate an external server (typically an `identity server
<https://matrix.org/docs/spec/identity_service/r0.2.1>`_) to handle sending
password reset or registration messages via email and SMS.

> So to delegate SMS sending set ``account_threepid_delegates.msisdn`` to a base

Reviewer 2: gtg, I think there are similar comments to be made below

> Config options

Reviewer 2: I'm not really clear why we have this heading

--------------

> **Note: Registration by email address or phone number will not work in this

Reviewer 2: Nor will adding an email address to an existing account, as I understand it. I'm not sure if this is important enough to call out separately.

Author: will reword the sense to say 'no email, most notably this will affect registration'

release unless some config options are changed from their defaults.**

> Previous versions of Synapse delegate the sending of registration emails and

Reviewer 2: You're assuming some prior knowledge: what's a registration email? or a registration sms?

SMS to an identity server by default. In most cases this server is vector.im or
matrix.org.

> In Synapse 1.4, for security and privacy reasons, the homeserver will no longer

Reviewer 2: 1.4.0?

> delegate email or SMS to an identity server by default and instead the admin

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
delegate this task to an identity server by default. Instead, the server administrator
```

will need to explicitly decide how they would like email and SMS to be sent.

In the medium term the vector.im and matrix.org identity servers will disable

> sending email and SMS entirely, however in order to ease the transition they

Reviewer 2: the IS will still send email or SMS when it wants to do its own validation, no? They just won't support doing it on behalf of another server.

will retain the capability to send email and SMS for a limited period. Email

> will be disabled on XXX (giving 2 months notice), disabling SMS will follow

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
will be disabled on XXX (giving 2 months notice). Disabling SMS will follow
```

some time after that once SMS sending support lands in Synapse.

> Once email and SMS support has been disabled in the vector.im and matrix.org

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once email and SMS support have been disabled in the vector.im and matrix.org
```

> Once email and SMS support has been disabled in the vector.im and matrix.org

Reviewer 2: I kinda feel like this is obvious enough and far enough off that it isn't worth calling out here - indeed it adds more confusion than it solves. We may as well announce it elsewhere when the time comes (if people aren't reading blogs etc, and are stuck on old versions of synapse, I don't believe that they will read these upgrade notes either).

Author: I'm a bit confused by what you mean here. It seems like a reasonable follow on question, 'how long do I have to act?'. 

I'm worried that if we say nothing then admins will continue to delegate without realising they only have 2 months to make alternate arrangements and then be caught by surprise.

Separately I would expect a blog post and reference in the UPGRADE notes closer to the time.

identity servers, all Synapse versions that depend on those instances will be
unable to send email and SMS through them. There are no imminent plans to
remove email and SMS support from Sydent altogether.

Email
-----

Following upgrade, to continue using email as a registration method admins can
either:-

* Configure Synapse to use an alternate email server (details follow).

> * Run or choose an identity server (with email support) and delegate to it.

Reviewer 2: all ISes have "email support". @anoadragon453 what exactly is it that the IS has to support?

Reviewer 3: Sending an email with a link featuring a validation token, client_secret and sid that when clicked hits an endpoint on the identity server with those details, thus confirming validation.

Basically it needs to support the [/validate/email/requestToken](https://matrix.org/docs/spec/identity_service/unstable#post-matrix-identity-v2-validate-email-requesttoken) Identity Service API endpoint.

Author: The point is that some ISs will drop this support for delegation over time

> To configure an SMTP server for Synapse, modify the configuration section

Reviewer 2: it's hard to see where the "use an SMTP server" part ends and the "delegate to an IS" part begins. subsection headers or something?

headed ``email``, and be sure to have at least the ``smtp_host, smtp_port``
and ``notif_from`` fields filled out.

You may also need to set ``smtp_user``, ``smtp_pass``, and
``require_transport_security``.

See the `sample configuration file

> <https://github.com/matrix-org/synapse/blob/master/docs/sample_config.yaml>`_

Reviewer 2: probably want to link to the sample config for the current release?
```suggestion
<docs/sample_config.yaml>`_
```

for more details on these settings.

> Some admins will wish to continue using email as a registration method, but

Reviewer 2: haven't we already said this?

Author: It says it in the introduction, this is the dive in point to give details to what to do about it

will not immediately have an appropriate SMTP server to hand.

To this end, we will continue to support email delegation via the vector.im and

> matrix.org identity servers for two months, the cut off date is XXXX after

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
matrix.org identity servers for two months. The cut off date is XXXX, after
```

which time email delegation will be disabled.

The ``account_threepid_delegates`` dictionary defines whether the homeserver
should delegate an external server (typically an `identity server
<https://matrix.org/docs/spec/identity_service/r0.2.1>`_) to handle sending
password reset or registration messages via email and SMS.

> So to delegate email sending set ``account_threepid_delegates.email`` to a base

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
So to delegate email sending, in ``homeserver.yaml``, set ``account_threepid_delegates.email`` to a base
```

> URL of an identity server in your homeserver.yaml. Note that

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
URL of an identity server. Note that
```

``account_threepid_delegates.email`` replaces the deprecated

> ``email.trust_identity_server_for_password_resets``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``email.trust_identity_server_for_password_resets``.

For example:
```

.. code:: yaml

   account_threepid_delegates:
       email: https://example.com     # Delegate email sending to example.com

If ``email.trust_identity_server_for_password_resets`` is set to ``true``, and
``account_threepid_delegates.email`` is not set, then the first entry in

> ``trusted_third_party_id_servers`` will be used as the account threepid

Reviewer 2: I think this might be clearer if we replace "account threepid delegate" with ``account_threepid_delegate``

delegate for email. This is to ensure compatibility with existing Synapse
installs that set up external server handling for these tasks before v1.4.0. If
``email.trust_identity_server_for_password_resets`` is ``true`` and no trusted

> identity server domains are configured, Synapse will throw an error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
identity server domains are configured, Synapse will report an error and refuse to start.
```

If ``email.trust_identity_server_for_password_resets`` is ``false`` or absent

> and a threepid type in ``account_threepid_delegates`` is not set to a domain,

Reviewer 2: it doesn't matter whether it is set to a domain or a sausage:
```suggestion
and a threepid type in ``account_threepid_delegates`` is not set,
```

then Synapse will attempt to send password reset and registration messages for
that type.

> Email templates

Reviewer 2: These aren't just email templates, despite the name of the config setting:

```suggestion
Custom templates
```

---------------

If you have configured a custom template directory with the
``email.template_dir`` option, be aware that there are new templates regarding
registration and threepid management.

> ``registration.html`` and ``registration.txt`` contain the content that is sent

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``registration.html`` and ``registration.txt`` contain the content of the email that is sent
```

> ``registration.html`` and ``registration.txt`` contain the content that is sent

Reviewer 2: Having written all that, I'm not entirely sure that this is the right place to document what these files do, since it's not specific to the upgrade. All we need to do here is note that there are new files, and say what their names are **and that synapse will refuse to start if you don't add them to your custom template dir**.

Author: Agreed, we need place where all the templates are doc'd. I'm minded to leave this here for now, so as not to block a release. I'll take the con for a templates and then remove once there is somewhere to link to.

> to a client upon registering via an email address.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to a user when registering with an email address.
```

``registration_success.html`` and ``registration_failure.html`` are templates

> that will be shown to the user when they click the link in their registration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that will be shown to the user when they click the link in that confirmation
```

> email , either showing them a success or failure page (assuming a redirect URL

Reviewer 2: A redirect URL is not a thing that gets configured. It's a bit awkward to describe:
 
```suggestion
email, either showing them a success page (in the case that no onward redirect was specified by the client), or a failure page.
```

is not configured).

> ``add_threepid.html`` and  ``add_threepid.txt`` are templates sent to a client

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``add_threepid.html`` and  ``add_threepid.txt``contain the content of the email that is sent to a user
```

> to add the threepid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
when they make a request to add an email address to their account.
```

``add_threepid_failure.html`` and ``add_threepid_success.html`` are templates

> that will be shown to the user when they click the link in their threeid add

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that will be shown to the user when they click the link in that confirmation
```

> email , either showing them a success or failure page (assuming a redirect URL

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
email, either showing them a success page (in the case that no onward redirect was specified by the client), or a failure page.
```

> is not configured).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Synapse will expect these files to exist inside the configured template
directory. To view the default templates, see `synapse/res/templates
<https://github.com/matrix-org/synapse/tree/master/synapse/res/templates>`_.

SMS
---

> Following upgrade, the only way to maintain the ability to register via a phone

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Following upgrade, the only way to maintain the ability to register with a phone
```

> number will be to continue to delegate SMS delivery via the matrix.org and

Reviewer 2: well, that's not quite true. You can do it yourself with your own IS if that's a thing you want to do, but we're not going to help you get that configured.

vector.im identity servers.

The ``account_threepid_delegates`` dictionary defines whether the homeserver
should delegate an external server (typically an `identity server
<https://matrix.org/docs/spec/identity_service/r0.2.1>`_) to handle sending
password reset or registration messages via email and SMS.

So to delegate SMS sending set ``account_threepid_delegates.sms`` to a base URL of
an identity server in your homeserver.yaml.

.. code:: yaml

   account_threepid_delegates:
       msisdn: https://example.com     # Delegate sms sending to example.com

Currently Synapse does not support a means to send SMS itself, and the
matrix.org and vector.im identity servers will continue to support SMS until
such time as it is possible for admins to configure their servers to send SMS
directly. More details will follow in a future release.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> For more details on why these changes are necessary see (link to blog).

Reviewer 2: if this is going to be relevant to both msisdn and email, it should be elsewhere?

Author: The idea is that it is at the same level of indentation as 'Upgrading to v1.4.0'. I've moved it higher in the doc, should be clearer now.

**Note: Registration by email address or phone number will not work in this release unless
some config options are changed from their defaults.**

Previous versions of Synapse delegate the sending of registration emails and

> SMS to an Identity Server by default. In most cases this server is vector.im or

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
SMS to an identity server by default. In most cases this server is vector.im or
```

Identity server is lowercase.

matrix.org.

In Synapse 1.4, for security and privacy reasons, the homeserver will no longer
delegate email or SMS to an identity server by default and instead the admin
will need to explicitly decide how they would like email and SMS to be sent.

> In the medium term the vector.im and matrix.org Identity servers will disable

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the medium term the vector.im and matrix.org identity servers will disable
```

sending email and SMS entirely, however in order to ease the transition they
will retain the capability to send email and SMS for a limited period. Email

> will be disabled on XXX (giving 2 months notice), disabling SMS will follow

Reviewer 3: Mental note: Make sure this gets filled in.

> some time after that once SMS sending support resides in Synapse.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
some time after that once SMS sending support lands in Synapse.
```

Once email and SMS support has been disabled in the vector.im and matrix.org
identity servers, all Synapse versions that depend on those instances will be

> unable to send email and SMS through them.

Reviewer 4: Will identity servers continue to provide registration functionality in the long term or does the new implementation signal a shift towards all homeservers implementing their own? A note about this might help sysadmins choose whether to keep using their own IS or to rely on Synapse sooner rather than later.

Author: Good point, will do

> unable to send email and SMS them through them.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
unable to send email and SMS through them.
```

Email
-----

Following upgrade, to continue using email as a registration method admins can either:-

> * Configure Synapse to use an alternate email server (details follow).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Configure Synapse to use an email server (details follow).
```

Reviewer 2: can we stick with "email server" or "SMTP server"? I suggest the latter, but switching between the two is confusing.

> * Run their own identity server and delegate to it (which then will require details of an alternate email server).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Run or choose an identity server (with email support) and delegate to it.
```

To configure an SMTP server for Synapse, modify the configuration section
headed ``email``, and be sure to have at least the ``smtp_host, smtp_port``
and ``notif_from`` fields filled out.

You may also need to set ``smtp_user``, ``smtp_pass``, and
``require_transport_security``.

See the `sample configuration file <https://github.com/matrix-org/synapse/blob/master/docs/sample_config.yaml>`_ for more details on these settings.

Some admins will wish to continue using email as a registration method, but
will not immediately have an appropriate SMTP server to hand.

To this end, we will continue to support email delegation via the vector.im and

> matrix.org identity servers for two months, the cut off date is XXXX after

Reviewer 3: Mental note: Make sure this gets filled in.

which time email delegation will be disabled.

The ``account_threepid_delegates`` dictionary defines whether the

> homeserver should delegate an external server (typically an `identity server

Reviewer 4: There's no earlier mention that the external server could be anything other than an identity server. Can it be anything else? Do / will they exist?

Author: it needs to implement the identity server API, so it could be pretty much anything so long as it supports the API.

<https://matrix.org/docs/spec/identity_service/r0.2.1>`_) to handle sending password reset or
registration messages via email and SMS.

So to delegate email sending set ``account_threepid_delegates.email`` to a base URL of
an identity server in your homeserver.yaml. Note that ``account_threepid_delegates.email``

> replaces the deprecated ``email.trust_identity_server_for_password_resets``

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
replaces the deprecated ``email.trust_identity_server_for_password_resets``.
```

default templates, see `synapse/res/templates
<https://github.com/matrix-org/synapse/tree/master/synapse/res/templates>`_.

SMS
---

Following upgrade, the only way to maintain the ability to register via a phone
number will be to continue to delegate SMS delivery via the matrix.org and
vector.im identity servers.

The ``account_threepid_delegates`` dictionary defines whether the
homeserver should delegate an external server (typically an `identity server
<https://matrix.org/docs/spec/identity_service/r0.2.1>`_) to handle sending password reset or
registration messages via email and SMS.

> So to delegate SMS sending set ``account_threepid_delegates.sms`` to a base URL of

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
So to delegate SMS sending set ``account_threepid_delegates.msisdn`` to a base URL of
```

msisdn means nothing to me. (Well, before I looked it up.) It's a bit surprising to have that as the SMS setting if you're not familiar.

Author: I'd prefer not to change the pre-existing setting as part of such a big change. I guess that those unfamiliar will first look in the sample config and then it becomes clear that msisdn is the correct label for phone number

Reviewer 2: nevertheless, as @JorikSchellekens suggests, we need to make the doc match the setting - it should be `msisdn` not `sms` here.

an identity server in your homeserver.yaml.

.. code:: yaml

   account_threepid_delegates:

>        sms: https://example.com     # Delegate email sending to example.com

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
       msisdn: https://example.com     # Delegate sms sending to example.com
```

Currently Synapse does not support a means to send SMS itself, and the
matrix.org and vector.im identity servers will continue to support SMS until
such time as it is possible for admins to configure their servers to send SMS
directly. More details will follow in a future release.

> For more details on why these changes are necessary see (link to blog).

Reviewer 3: Mental note: Make sure this gets filled in.

  The room statistics are essentially unused in v1.3.1 (in future versions of
  Synapse, they will be used to populate the room directory), so there should
  be no loss of functionality. However, the statistics engine will write errors
  to the logs, which can be avoided by setting the following in

>   `homeserver.yaml`:

Reviewer 2: :-1:

Author: I don't see the problem, am wrapping to 80 chars.

  Don't forget to re-enable it when you upgrade again, in preparation for its
  use in the room directory!

> 

Reviewer 2: :-1:
